Add v3.3 documents #939 (#943)
slackapi/python-slack-sdk: docs-src/real_time_messaging.rst

**Connecting to the RTM API**

> Note that the import here is not ``from slack_sdk.rtm import RTMClient`` but ``from slack_sdk.rtm.v2 import RTMClient`` (``v2`` is added in the latter one). If you would like to use the legacy version of the client, go to the next section.

Reviewer: Very helpful comment to add to the docs!

.. code-block:: python

    import os
    from slack_sdk.rtm.v2 import RTMClient

    rtm = RTMClient(token=os.environ["SLACK_BOT_TOKEN"])

    @rtm.on("message")
    def handle(client: RTMClient, event: dict):
        if 'Hello' in event['text']:
            channel_id = event['channel']
            thread_ts = event['ts']
            user = event['user'] # This is not username but user ID (the format is either U*** or W***)

            client.web_client.chat_postMessage(
                channel=channel_id,
                text=f"Hi <@{user}>!",
                thread_ts=thread_ts
            )

    rtm.start()

**Connecting to the RTM API (v1 client)**

> Here is a code snippet using the legacy version of ``RTMClient``. For new app development, we do not recommend using this one as it still has a few issues resolved by v2. Check `the list of the issues <https://github.com/slackapi/python-slack-sdk/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A3.3.0+label%3Artm-client>`_ for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is a code snippet that uses the legacy version of ``RTMClient``. For new app development, we **do not recommend** using it as it contains issues that have been resolved in v2. Please refer to the `list of these issues <https://github.com/slackapi/python-slack-sdk/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A3.3.0+label%3Artm-client>`_ for more details.
```
